Force yourself to take the substance that hits you.
Deal with you drinking troubles.
This stick of sap is enough.
The rescue opened and the bottom was revealed, my sword level was actually passing through this,
Instead, it became over-cut and people exploded.
By the way, when we invaded the East.
Today, once again, the old man is not encouraging!
None of these I have ever taken precautions against, these cripples just happen,
Will still be in my ears
That's really a name
Hands deserve death the most
Let the mother-in-law in your hand come out of this
I'll show you how strong you are
Yes, it’s used
They're all dead. It's not you who dropped all the stuff that was trained on you.